this recap brought to you by Nord VPN
stay tuned at the end of the video for
more information and a great special
offer
welcome to the man of recaps this is all
seven seasons of arrow leading up to the
eighth and final season five years ago
billionaire Oliver Queen's yacht sunk in
the South China Sea and he spent five
years trapped on an island before being
rescued now he's home in Starling city
after a shave and a shower oh that's why
people like this show
he takes one of his companies abandoned
warehouses and builds a nightclub there
as a cover but in the basement he's
built an epic CrossFit gym he does spend
five minutes of any episode working out
and it's also his superhero secret
hideout he's come back from the island
incredibly good at archery what happened
on that island you'll be asking yourself
that for seven seasons every episode
there's a few minutes of a flashback
that reveals the mystery little by
little but the first thing we learn is
Oliver's got this notebook with a list
of names in it his father gave it to him
like hey these are all bad people you
need to survive and get home to save the
city then he shoots himself so Oliver
has enough food and water to survive so
Oliver dons the hood and roughs up bad
guys real mujer he's basically Batman
mixed with Hawkeye he's got a little
sister Thea a best friend Tommy Merlyn
but the person he's most excited to see
is his girlfriend Laurel ex-girlfriend
because she thought he was dead for five
years also she's not happy to see him
because on the yacht he took her sister
who he was cheating on her with and she
died in the crash so laurels doubly mad
at him laurels dad detective Lance hates
Oliver too and is chasing down the
vigilante but arrows always one step
ahead and gets him the evidence he needs
Oliver's got a new bodyguard John Diggle
ex Special Forces great guy it's like
hey man you can handle yourself I could
use a sidekick
diggle's like yo never call me a
sidekick but he joins the team one day
Master Assassin dead shots in town they
help him find Deadshot and he gets his
computer and he takes it to Felicity
Smoak she's a computer genius working at
Queen consolidated he comes to her with
tech stuff and increasingly flimsy
excuses for why there's bullet holes
pretty soon she joins team arrow
officially it's difficult for her to get
work done with all of her working out
non-stop this would be a hostile work
environment if he wasn't so damn hot he
lives in a mansion with his mom
Queen turns out she's working with the
bad guy he is Malcolm Merlyn
Tommy Merlin's dad so Merlyn sends out
his own Archer with black arrows they
have a bow and arrow battle who is this
guy turns out it's Malcolm Merlyn
himself but arrow bugged the office and
here's everything he now knows Merlin's
the bad guy his mom's in on it and turns
out the yacht sank he wasn't an accident
his dad tried to stop the undertaking so
Merlyn put a bomb on it that's a good
Segway as any to recap season one of the
island
Oliver met an old Asian man their Yao
Fei who helped him survive at the
beginning but Oliver got captured by a
mercenary group
Oliver escapes and finds the crashed
plane where he meets Slade Wilson Slade
is a badass Australian Special Forces
dude so he starts teaching all of her
sword fighting and they bust into the
camp he kills his old partner and they
rescue Yao Fei and daughter her name is
shadow and she teaches Oliver archery
starting with slapping bowl of water to
make your hands strong enough anyway
they're all captured again and we
learned fires mission is to start a war
by shooting down a passenger plane
Oliver escapes just in time to reprogram
the missile missed the plane and blow up
the whole mercenary camp it comes down
to a final arrow shot foreshadows life
and Oliver makes it yeah they're still
trapped on the island though so back in
the present Oliver baked kidnaps himself
with diggle's help to get his mom to
spill the beans about the undertaking
turns out they're going to level the
glades the bad part of town with an
earthquake machine
Merlin's wife was killed there in a
mugging so now he's deranged they meet
on the roof for a final archery battle
and he does the trick from the first
Avengers where he hits him with an
explosive arrow stabs Merlyn through his
own shoulder and Merlyn is dead or is he
they find the earthquake machine and
managed to disarm it
but there was a second one oh no the
glades is getting earth quaked Laurel
lands up trapped under some rubble but
Tommy Merlyn comes to save her there's
been a whole huff triangle thing because
she and Oliver still love each other but
she's been dating Tommy but at the end
she had Oliver get back together
it's Tommy who saves her now though but
then who he's trapped under rubble and
he's got a thing through the heart bow
and arrow can't fix this Oliver's best
friend dies in his arms at the end of si
one the arrow failed to save Starling
city and the glades was leveled by
Malcolm merlyn's earthquake machine last
season they just called him the
vigilante but now he's officially named
the arrow and he's got an awesome new
grappling-hook arrow rush the love of
his life Laurel Lance ends things
between them in fact Laurel blames the
arrow for Tommy's death she sets him up
in a trap and gets the cops to capture
him things look bad for our hero but
what's this a girl superhero with a
sonic emitter thing
she helps Oliver escape who is this girl
well she's wearing a blonde wig to cover
up her blonde hair it's Sara Lance
laurels sister that all of her cheated
on her with took her on the yacht and we
thought she drowned so these two start
hooking up again but Sara's being hunted
by the League of Assassins at some point
she joined them that's where she learned
to fight but she quit without permission
so they're here to take her back or kill
her now over the season there's a ton of
random villains but the most important
subplot involves all of his partner John
Diggle and the Suicide Squad Amanda
Waller is the head of Argus a
super-secret spy agency tickles ex-wife
Lyla works for them and one day she's
captured in Russia he's got to go save
her with help from his arch nemesis
Deadshot that just the hit man that
killed diggle's brother but they've got
to work together to escape and dick and
Lyla are back together for good now
remember all of her secret hideout is
under his nightclub verdant his sister
Thea queen is running it now and she's
still dating Roy the guy who stole her
purse in season one he turned out to be
super hot though so they ended up dating
he's renounced his criminal ways he
wants to be a vigilante now so the arrow
takes him under his wing and Roy
officially joins team arrow now it's
time for the trial of Oliver his mother
Moira queen she's miraculously found not
guilty because the jury was paid by
Malcolm Merlyn she's like how are you
alive we saw you die last season he's
like yo no one ever really dies on the
show and he drops a crazy truth bomb
turns out these two had an affair and
he's Thea's real father
now Moira queen is also running for
mayor and one of her donors his mother
effing Slade Wilson
how did this happen it's time for an
island flashback
remember Slade was on the island with
Oliver they became best friends
yaow phase daughter shadow was with them
too she and oliver eventually started
hooking up
which was sad because Slade was in love
with her turns out Sara survived the
yacht sinking and was picked up by this
random prison ship the prison boat
captain is dr. Ivo he's searching for
the world war two Japanese Super Soldier
Serum mirakuru
long story short Oliver and Sara escape
and they get their first find the
mirakuru and with the prison ship bombed
their camp
Slade was grievously injured they
injected him with the mirakuru hoping to
save his life but it seems like it
didn't work so I will capture them and
was real mad he's like hey I'm gonna
kill either shadow or Sara
Oliver you choose when push came to
shove Oliver jumped in front of Sara so
I vote and killed shado but Slade woke
up the mirakuru worked not only healed
him but it gave him super-strength and
he's real mad about shadows death he
finds Ivo who explains how shado died
and convinces Slade it was Oliver's
fault but in the end it's a fight to the
death between Slade and Oliver and
Oliver manages to stab him through the
eye apparently though Slade survived and
things are awkward between them Slade's
like I'm not gonna kill you a kid not
till he's taken away everything all of
her loves finally though he captures
Oliver and reenact the shadow death
scene makes Oliver choose between his
mother and his sister but Marvin makes
the choice forum she's like please don't
hurt my children
and Slade kills her uh Oliver's mom dead
Slade's official supervillain name by
the way is Deathstroke they're using
Slade's mirakuru blood to create an army
of super soldiers then it's the final
showdown between team arrow and the
mirakuru man boom-boom arrows everywhere
they actually managed not to kill anyone
they have like a million antidotes and
in the end the good guys won season 3
begins with team arrow kickin but Oliver
Queen still the arrow and Roy's wearing
red they call him Arsenal John diggle's
run in support and of course Felicity
Smoak on the computer the Black Canary
comes back to town laurels sister Sara
Lance but she sees someone unexpected
and Oh gets shot with arrows off the
building she is all the way dead
then this al Ghul comes in she was
Sara's friend slash lover in the League
of Assassins she has a suspect in mind
Malcolm Merlyn yeah that's right he's
still alive Malcolm Merlyn confesses he
does know who killed Sara because it's
all of her sister Thea he's been
teaching her to fight and she's come a
long way in a very short period of time
Malcolm made her do it with a
brainwashed drug because the League of
Assassins was after him so he's hoping
that now they'll be after her and Oliver
will challenge them to a duel to save
his sister thereby also clearing
Malcolm's name a very convoluted plan
but long story short Oliver either kills
Ra's al Ghul or dies either way
Malcolm's happy so Oliver meets Ra's al
Ghul the demons head leader of the
League of Assassins he lies and
confesses to Sara's murder and demands a
trial by combat
bat boom shirtless mountain top sword
fight but Roz has Oliver way outclassed
he stops him right in the chest and
kicks him off the mountain oh my god
yeah Oliver is definitely all the way
dead right nope he's back to life hey
Jon snowed him and they never really
explained it except that he was drinking
some tea like that's some really good
tea
back in Starling city Merlyn gives team
arrow the bad news that Oliver's
probably dead but there's no time to
mourn a new crime boss has risen up he's
this British guy brick team arrows gotta
take him down without all of her but
with Laurel Lance taken up her sister's
mantle of the Black Canary
long story short team arrow rallies the
city behind them and it's a giant street
fight and Oliver gets back to town just
in time to be like well guess you didn't
need me
so the League of Assassins is still
after Merlyn and now Oliver Oliver
finally brings Thea in on the secret
I'm the arrow she's like oh that
explains so much eventually though
Oliver is captured by the league but Roz
doesn't want to kill him he wants Oliver
to take his place and become the next
Ra's al Ghul what but Oliver has no
interest in giving up his life to lead
an assassin's guilds to ruin all of his
life and force his hand
ra's dresses up as the arrow and shoots
the mayor so the cops are hunting team
arrow for reals and Oliver has no choice
but to turn himself in except while he's
in custody the arrow shows up to turn
himself in it's Roy Harper pretending to
be the arrow they faked his death in
order to take the heat off of Oliver so
Ra's al Ghul goes to plan B which is to
kill Thea this forces all of his hand in
exchange for joining the league in
becoming Ra's al Ghul they'll put her in
the magic hot tub and boom they'll back
to life felicity tries to talk Oliver
out of it with
Capel oliver's happening these two get
in Han but in the end Oliver has no
choice and he joins the League of
Assassins Roz wants all of her to take
the Omega super virus and destroy
Starling city
Oliver's actually seen this virus before
it's time for an island flashback except
this time we're not on Lian Yu we're on
the island of Hong Kong at the end of
last season Amanda Waller of Argus
rescued him from the shipwreck she was
watching the island and is impressed
with his skills and as Oliver Queen's
already dead he makes a perfect black
ops spy so he does some Mission
Impossible stuff though he's no Tom
Cruise quite yet his partner here was
this guy Masao with his wife Tatsu and
their kid he was hunting the triad
leader with the white hair she had the
virus back then and long story short
Halloran Masayo caught it from her this
u.s. generals like Congrats son you
saved the world but turns out he's a bad
guy wants to deploy the virus so Oliver
puts a stop to that but not before one
vile guy released kills a bunch of
people including Masayo Tasha's son this
made Masayo so sad he left his wife
enjoying the League of Assassins and
Oliver was also sad he tortures this
general to death embracing his inner
darkness back in the president turns out
Oliver is not really brainwashed he's
secretly working with Malcolm Merlyn
so Merlyn brings the team over to stop
the super virus that Oliver has his
final sword fight with Ra's al Ghul boom
epic sword fight but this time Oliver
beats him yeah of course that's what Roz
wanted hands over the ring and dies now
Oliver's the Ra's al Ghul but Oliver
still doesn't want it he made a deal to
give it to Malcolm Merlyn hopefully that
doesn't come back to bite him then
Oliver's like hey team arrow you guys
are great you don't need me anymore I'm
gonna retire and he confesses his love
to Felicity season 4 begins with Oliver
Queen retired he's with felicity now
some people call them olicity but I only
say full Oliver he's left the city in
good hands specifically his
ex-girlfriend and little sisters and
John Diggle has finally given in and
gotten a superhero name he's sparked in
but there's a new gang in town called
the ghost and they have team arrow
outgunned
their leader is damian darhk-- he's half
friendly businessman in half
scary mob boss so full Oliver leaves
their life of suburban bliss and heads
back to Starling city or star city now
anyway it's time for all
to suit up this time he's leaving the
sleeves behind now remember last season
the arrow was wanted it's so Roy put on
the arrow suit and faked his death to
take the heat off Oliver so even though
Oliver's wearing the exact same outfit
minus the sleeves he's pretending to be
a totally new superhero arrow yeah but
no one's buying it anyway the green
arrow fights damian darhk-- but damien
darhk's got magic that's gonna be a
problem but first
Thea queen is overly violent these days
it's probably pit fever a side effect of
being resurrected by the Lazarus Pit
laurels like wait a second you're
telling me the League of Assassins has a
magic jacuzzi that can bring people back
to life why haven't we use this on my
sister Sarah yet and it works Sarah's
back to life it's gonna be awkward
having two black Canary's now luckily
Sarah's not sticking around cuz it leads
into a new spin-off show legends of
tomorrow back to Star City anyone
running for mayor gets shot at cuz
damian darhk-- doesn't want a mayor
Oliver has to keep saving him so he
figures cut out the middleman he runs
for mayor himself
so when Oliver proposes to felicity dark
sends his men to shoot up the limo no no
Felicity's hit felicity is paralyzed
she's in a wheelchair now luckily her
super power is sitting at a computer so
they install a ramp and we're good to go
Thea's pit fever is getting worse the
only way she can stop it is by killing
people and she doesn't want to do that
so she might die but Nyssa comes with an
option she's got some sort of magic
healing potion but she'll only help if
Malcolm Merlyn gives her control of the
League of Assassins so they're gonna
fight for it but Oliver fights Malcolm
Merlyn in her place and he cuts off his
hands to get the demon head ring Sophia
gets cured and Nyssa realizes the League
of Assassins is kind of evil so she
disbands it Merlyn is pissed at all her
now so he joins up with damian darhk--
he tells dark an epic secret Oliver has
a son yeah he only just found out too
it's a random girl he knocked up in
college that his mom paid to cover it up
and move away so dark kidnaps all of her
son Oliver calls in a superhero friend
vixen she steals darks magic totem turns
out that's what gives him his powers so
when she destroys it he's vulnerable and
arrow takes him down but Felicity feels
better
that Oliver didn't tell her about his
son so betrayed that she calls off the
engagement full Oliver knew then just
then she can walk again it's a miracle
actually no it's science she's got an
employee at Palmer tech this brilliant
guy Curtis she comes to him sometimes
with team arrow stuff and flimsy
explanations just like Oliver did to her
back in season one
anyway he invented some sort of spinal
implant that's letting her walk again
now darts magic Idol Oliver is actually
seen before that's right it's time for
an island flashback this season it's a
true Island flashback Argus's next
mission for secret agent Oliver sends
him back to Lian Yu
he's here to take down a group of bad
guys who are growing drugs or something
led by Baron Reiter he pretends to join
them but when he's supposed to kill this
one girl he lets her go cuz he's a good
guy they eventually realize he's a spy
and whip him for a while but Constantine
gave Oliver a magic tattoo that Baron
Rider needs to enter the secret cave
that's the reason he's here and inside
is damien darhk's idol
it's powered by killing people and
drawing their strength to give you magic
powers long story short oliver in the
girl escaped but she takes the idol it
gives her magic powers so she's able to
take down rider but it's making her evil
so she's like Oliver you have to kill me
now darks organization is called hive
which is the group that Deadshot told
John Diggle kills his brother but one
day they capture a hive guy and it is
John diggle's brother yeah they didn't
kill him they recruited him diggle's
real mad but turns out hive uses
brainwashing pills to control their
people so when it wears off Diggle
starts to trust his brother again
so when darks breaking out of prison
team arrow brings little Diggle with him
and he betrays them yeah he wasn't
brainwashed he's just a bad guy so with
the missing piece darks got his magic
powers back and he uses them to kill
Laurel Lance snow Laurel you can't die
no one ever really dies on the show
except Laurel does this is actually good
news for Quentin Lance cuz he does his
best acting when one of his daughters
dies that's why they haven't happened at
least once a season then dark goes to
John diggle's wife Lian Lian takes her
Argus implant by the way Amanda Waller
was killed earlier this season so Lila's
the new head of Argus so digs with her
brother crossed a line going after
John's family and John kills him he
feels emo about it for a while somehow
the Argus implant gives dark access to
all the world's new
clear weapons his evil master plan is
project Genesis he's gonna nuke the
world and ride it out in this giant
underground city he's made green arrow
finds darks underground city and long
story short blows it up but now it's the
final battle with Damian dark and his
magics gonna kick Oliver's butt but Star
City rises up to help him so dark brings
all his minions and there's a big city
brawl
I feel like this exact scene happens in
every seasons and yet all of her defeats
damian darhk-- he doesn't kill people
anymore but he makes an exception and
kills him dark defeated in season 5
Oliver Queen is now the mayor of Star
City but at night he still puts on the
hood and beats up bad guys team arrow is
now just him in Felicity who finally
gets her own superhero name overwatch
his sister Thea's done with the
vigilante life and John Diggle quit - to
rejoin the army for some reason there's
a couple new vigilantes in town that
team arrow could recruit so meet the new
team arrow Renee Ramirez his wild dog
he's the renegade that doesn't follow
orders you remember Curtis he's already
half on team arrow helping Felicity with
computer stuff but now he goes out in
the field as mr. terrific pretty soon
John Diggle comes back there's a corrupt
general tried to frame him for stuff and
Oliver's gotta break him out of prison
it's a whole thing and also coming back
is Laurel Lance I told you no one stays
dead on this show apparently she was
rescued by the legends of tomorrow cuz
they're doing all sorts of time-travel
stuff but turns out the truth is even
crazier
she's the supervillain black siren
laurels evil doppelganger from the
parallel earth - you can blame the flash
for that one he gets into all sorts of
multiverse shenanigans in any case evil
Laurel makes it clear that she's bad to
the bone no chance of a Redemption arc
at least not till next season now there
is a girl on this earth who got the
Black Canary screen power it's badass
ex-cop Dinah Drake long story short the
arrow recruits her and they've got a new
Black Canary so Oliver gets all these
new recruits trained up and now team
arrow is pretty huge but turns out the
real villain this season is Prometheus
the cleaner
is mine his beef with the arrow is
personal his father was one of the
corrupt businessmen that Oliver killed
in season 1 eventually we learned from
me theses identity he's new district
attorney
Adrian chase who's actually been friends
with all of her she's captures all of
her and tortures him for a bit he
doesn't want to kill him he wants to
break him so he makes Oliver admit to
himself that he enjoys killing so now
feeling totally broken all of her
disbands team arrow and turns to an old
friend Anatoly of the Bratva we learned
Oliver was part of the Russian mob back
in season one how the heck did that
happen anyway it's time for an island
flashback last season he promised this
girl that he would save her village by
killing some bad guy so this season's
Island flashbacks takes place in Russia
Oliver meets up with his Russian best
friend Anatoly who he met on the prison
ship back on season 2 long story short
Anatoly batches for him and all of her
joins the Bratva the guy he needs to
kill is Konstantin Kovar played by Dolph
Lundgren but turns out this one profit
captain is working for Kovar so Oliver
finds himself in the middle of a Bratva
civil war but now Oliver is fully Jason
Bourne John wick badass takes out all
the guys sometimes while wearing the
hood Cobar almost gasps is the Russian
government and takes over but Oliver
puts a stop to that and kills him so now
Oliver is finally ready to go home he is
in a totally drop him off back on Lian
Yu he's gonna pretend he was shipwrecked
here the whole time instead of being a
super spy and so finally the island
flashbacks have caught up to season 1
meanwhile Felicity makes a new friend
it's a young hacktivist just like she
was she's part of a super hacker group
called helix and she'll help Felicity
get Prometheus in exchange for Felicity
helping helix rescue their leader Kayden
James more on him next season and so
they find the evidence they need to put
Adrian chase away but turns out that's
all part of his plan his friends on the
outside kidnap all of all of his friends
including his son William so to keep
them safe Oliver's gotta break Adrian
out of prison and let him get away now
anytime Thea's in danger you know who
shows up it's Malcolm Merlyn
and they fly off for the final showdown
on Lian Yu
Oliver recruits another old enemy here
mother-effing Slade Wilson he's had a
long time now to sober up from his
mirakuru madness he apologizes for
killing all of his mom and stuff so
Slade Wilson's a good guy again together
they rescue all of his friends he has a
complicated relationship with her father
she mostly hates him cuz he's evil but
when she steps on a landmine Merlyn
knocks her off and takes her place he
stays behind so they can get away and
blows himself up no Merlyn yeah don't
cry I don't believe for one second that
he's gonna stay dead if nothing else he
can always cameo on legends of tomorrow
now prometheus is crazy his whole thing
is that he wants all of her to kill him
to prove that he's a killer but he's
rigged explosives to go off when he dies
covering the entire island so Oliver has
to choose between all of his friends and
family or the son that he barely knows a
difficult dilemma to be sure but Oliver
cheats by shooting from atheists in the
foot
smart move that would have worked but
Prometheus shoots himself and boom all
the way and you explodes killing
everyone on the show luckily though most
people did survive in fact the only
death is Oliver's baby mama
so he's suddenly a single dad by the way
full Oliver is back on in fact they get
married this season Oliver wants to
spend more time with his family so he
retires and passes the hood to John
Diggle the Green Arrow problem is Diggs
not much of an archer so they make him a
sweet crossbow that's close enough to a
gun he's very good with it and now it's
time for this season's villains super
hacker Caden James Oliver suits back up
to take him down but he's recruited a
whole squad of super villains one of the
villains on the Kidd and James squad is
vigilante who we met last season but
turns out Dinah Drake knows him
it's her murdered former partner slash
loner turns out he's a good guy working
to take James down from the inside so
these two are romancing again but he
soon gets caught and also working for
Katie James is evil or all the black
siren Dinah watches helplessly as she
yells into his head exploding his brain
now Kate and James is doing all this
because the Green Arrow killed his son
but it turns out that was faked to kid
and James realizes one of his own squad
has been manipulating him so who's the
evil mastermind behind this
thing it's Ricardo Diaz it's the dragon
he's a soft-spoken kind of guy so no one
suspected him but he's got big plans why
destroy a city boy now you could take it
over
he kills Kate and James which is too bad
cuz star city's in desperate need of the
70 million dollars he ransomed they find
his account but it's already been
withdrawn by evil Laurel she almost got
away on bomb night but Dinah came for
vengeance and they had a black canary
battle Dinah ends up shooting her but
her fake father Quentin Lance was there
and half rescues half kidnap sir Eva
Laurel has consistently shown that she's
bad to the bone they became Quentin's
personal quest to force her Redemption
our Conor he makes a deal with Oliver
where she'll give back the money if he
helps her escape the country but before
they can new team arrow shows up and
Dinah wants her revenge so it's a team
arrow Civil War they have an epic fight
but Oliver lays the smackdown Eva Laurel
escapes but she comes right back
pretending to be real Laurel which is
awkward turns out someone stole the
money from her stash it was Ricardo Diaz
Green Arrow tracks him down but can't
arrest him he's used the 70 million to
buy the police department he's also the
one who's been trying to get all of her
in prison in fact he's got a new star
witness it's Roy Harper with her
ex-boyfriend in danger Thea queen suits
back up and immediately kisses him
luckily he's not seeing anyone these two
decide that they're in love and aren't
gonna ride off into the sunset
but they're stopped by ninjas turns out
Merlyn found three new Lazarus pits via
figures it's her responsibility to help
take him out so she leaves the show to
do that then it's time for Oliver
Queen's trial it's not looking good for
him because of course the judge is
bought by Diaz but the green arrow busts
in to testify who's wearing the hood
it's Tommy Merlyn he died of course at
the end of season one but his story is
that he faked his death to go full time
Green Arrow but it's not really him it's
a professional face changer guy they
hired so Diaz goes to plan B which is
just murder Oliver and everyone he cares
about so Oliver makes a deal with FBI
lady the FBI comes in full force to
liberate Star City which is probably
their job in the first place right so
the cavalry busts in Green Arrow
and daz have their final rooftop battle
and at the end it's the same old dilemma
to stop me you're gonna have to kill me
black siren comes and is like yeah I'm
fine with that boom blast of off the
roof but crazily he survives Quentin
Lance though actually dies and he had
Oliver have a really emotional talk
about how proud of him he is now so I
believe he might actually stay dead then
as part of the deal Oliver made with the
FBI he's gotta turn himself in he has a
big iron man press conference
I am the green arrow in season 7 Oliver
Queen is in prison this is not a bad
thing he actually has a lot more time to
work out now on the outside Felicity
Smoak has pink hair now she and William
are in Argus protective custody because
they're hiding from Ricardo Diaz who
finds them no problem
she helps Argus track him down but Diaz
is now working with the super assassins
the longbow hunters he hire some guys in
prison to try to kill Oliver in a naked
shower fight Oliver talks to brick the
villain from season 3 in order to find
out that Diaz his contact is the demon
down on level 2 so Oliver has to stab
some guards to get himself set down
there and level 2 is really awful it's
run by a crazy psychiatrist who's like
doing experiments on the prisoners
finally Oliver meets the demon it's
Talia al Ghul she and Oliver were
friends in the Russia flashback but
enemies when she was helping Prometheus
they agree to be friends again for now
to help each other escape Oliver steals
the data gives it to Talia because he's
gotta stay in prison if he doesn't want
to be a fugitive so she gets out exposes
the illegal experiments and Oliver's
back to his regular maximum-security
prison cell on the outside Diaz stole
some super bomb and the teams got to
shut it down with help from the new
Green Arrow yeah someone else has been
running around the city in the hood you
are filled and with help from him they
take down Diaz Felicity considers going
darkside and killing him but evil Laurel
comes to stop her not out of any moral
qualms but because they can use him to
get a deal to get Oliver out of prison
she's trying to be not evil this season
she backslides for one episode but all
the girls have an intervention and her
Redemption arc is complete she plans to
go home to earth - and right her wrongs
as the Black Canary on the day Oliver
said to be released
Diaz escapes and takes over the prison
so Oliver pulls some MacGyver
and busts out of his cell long story
short kicks his butt and is released
from prison a free man Donna Drake is
the police captain now and vigilantism
is still illegal but sometimes they need
all of his help so they make the Green
Arrow an official member of the SCPD and
they send him out there with no masks
because everyone knows he's Oliver Queen
now but the cops are still hunting the
new Green Arrow no one knows who he is
in fact it's a girl she works out even
harder than all of her she's on a
mission to hunt down her mother's killer
but turns out her father is Robert Queen
yeah she's Oliver 's half-sister his dad
had a whole secret family he abandoned
speaking of family all the furs still
got a son William they're constantly in
danger from one bad guy or another so
they decide to send him off to live with
his grandparents but his story continues
in an island flash-forward my father is
Oliver Queen
after years of no contact Felicity sends
him to Lian Yu where he finds Roy Harper
we never learned why Roy was here they
go back to Star City which is now a
dystopian wasteland except for the
glades traditionally the bad
neighborhood now a really nice place
under the leadership of Mayor wild dog
Rene Ramirez they meet up with Dinah
Drake now leader of the vigilante
resistance group the Canaries one of
whom is a grown-up Zoey
Rene's daughter they also meet badass
cage fighter black star who is
Felicity's daughter that has an epic
theme song if my name is MIA smoke
anyway the kids break into an evil
corporation and rescue felicity and they
have to stop a plot to blow up Star City
long story short the kids have an epic
adventure bringing down the walls to the
glades and saving the city back in the
present arcus is hunting a supervillain
financier named Dante turns out he's the
leader of the ninth circle another
ancient secret villain organization but
turns out he's working with a Maiko
queen Oliver soon finds out his
half-sister is evil so they have a
sibling fight he drops a knowledge bomb
on her turns out Dante killed her mother
so she kills him but she doesn't turn
good turns out she was the actual leader
of the ninth circle so a miko stole some
super bio weapon and is gonna use drones
to spray it on the city Oliver has a
final showdown with his half sister but
instead of fighting he convinces her to
be a good guy Emiko pulls a Darth Vader
and dies having been redeemed then
Oliver blows up the old Queen
consolidated building and the city is
saved and all of her retires for good
he and felicity moved to the country
because Felicity's preggers full Oliver
lives happily ever after in montage form
until one night there's a random sci-fi
dude in their kitchen yeah the big
crossover event this season was
Elseworlds where they deal with a lot of
multiverse stuff long story short Oliver
made a promise that he would save the
multiverse in the crisis on Infinite
Earths bad news though it's set in stone
that to save the multiverse Oliver has
to die that's a bummer so Oliver and
Felicity say farewell as he leaves to
save the multiverse than in the future
flash-forward Felicity says goodbye to
the kids as she leaves with the monitor
to and that's how a hero season 7 comes
to an end Oliver Queen puts on the hood
to protect his identity and Nord VPN can
protect your internet identity these
days Internet privacy is more important
than ever you want a VPN on your side
keeping your browsing private VPN stands
for virtual private network and it
sounds real complicated but you don't
have to be Felicity Smoak to figure it
out
Nord VPN makes it real easy first things
first Nord VPN keeps your IP address
totally private this protects you from
malware and hackers and super
importantly Nord VPN has mobile apps
that's where most of my internet
browsing happens that's where you need
the protection you know what else is
super cool that makes
or VPN stand apart it allows you to
access region-locked content say there's
that show you want to watch on Netflix
but it's not in your country for some
reason boom nor BBN now you're watching
have fun it's super easy to set up go to
Nord VPN org slash man of recaps or use
my coupon code man of recaps for 70% off
your three year plan plus one free month
go to north VPN org slash man of recaps
and start enjoying a secure private
Internet today
[Music]